any cancer that forms in the throat





severe throat pain
a subset
dysphagia



blue whale
carcharodon megalodon


they are agile hunters ; built for the speed and chasing prey

large marine fish
galeocerdo


it was released in 1984


michael ende's novel the neverending story ( 1979
synthpop
bastian bux

died later that year.

placenames and personal names

europoids of the afanasevo culture
 the myth of the ages follows. in the hesiodic scheme there were five ages of mankind : the golden age, silver age, bronze age, heroic age and the present age, that of iron. race of gold man lived in the time of cronus, an age of plenty and peace, for the earth gave for all their needs of its own accord and rivalries of any kind were thus unknown. golden age man never aged, and when they died they went as though to sleep. when this age came to an end, its population became guardians of mankind
 wanda and horowitz separated in 1948 while the pianist was struggling with his homosexuality. byron janis, one of horowitz's students, has written that he and wanda were involved in a brief affair during this period. horowitz and wanda reconciled in 1951. in the aftermath of horowitz ’ s 1953 nervous breakdown, she remained by his side. while she took pride in being married to the legendary virtuoso, she also confided that it was, at times “ a cross to bear. ” however, others have implied that wanda's stern personality
environmental causes
sumerian, akkadian, babylonian and assyrian
the bronze age

french toile



late 19th century

 in her review of the concert at the plymouth pavilions, caroline abbott of the torquay herald express praised lewis for her interaction with the crowd and her " down - to - earth " persona, as well as her performances of " ave maria ", " thank you ", and " sisters are doin'it for themselves ", a duet with the special guest joss stone. noting that a third of the set - list was made up of covers, she expressed dislike for lewis'interpretation of " time after time ". abbott wrote that her " only real criticism " of the performance was for the stage production, which she described as " five strips of giant toilet paper hanging at the back, occasionally changing colour, and spaced a little too far apart to make for easy viewing of the video footage of leona explaining why her music is so important to her


the people in each state vote for the president
us electoral college
 according to a legal expert, one example of why the u. s. electoral college is good is because it gives candidates incentives to reach out to a wide variety of voters in a large, diverse country
changed the method that determines how the us vice president is chosen

 19 – 1796 election : samuel miles, an elector from pennsylvania, was pledged to vote for federalist presidential candidate john adams, but voted for democratic - republican candidate thomas jefferson. he cast his other presidential vote as pledged for thomas pinckney. an additional 18 electors voted for adams as pledged, but refused to vote for pinckney. this was an attempt to foil alexander hamilton's rumored plan to elect pinckney as president, and this resulted in the unintended result that adams's opponent, jefferson was elected vice president instead of adams's running mate pinckney. this was the only time that the president and vice president have been from different parties. after the 1800 election again resulted in confusion, the 12th amendment was ratified in 1804. it changed the election procedure so that instead of casting two votes of the same type


without congressional authorization
without congressional authorization

 the wave is not the only movie to convert a social experiment conducted in the united states into a fictionalized plot. the stanford prison experiment of 1971 was adopted for the 2001 production das experiment by oliver hirschbiegel, and the 2015 production directed by kyle patrick alvarez, the stanford prison experiment. gansel's wave is based on teacher ron jones's " third wave " experiment, which took place at a californian school in 1967. because his students did not understand how something like national socialism could even happen, he founded a totalitarian, strictly - organized " movement " with harsh punishments that was led by him autocratically. the intricate sense of community led to a wave of enthusiasm not only from his own students, but also from students from other classes who joined the program later. jones later admitted to having enjoyed having his students as followers. to eliminate the upcoming momentum, jones aborted the project on the fifth day and showed the students the parallels towards the nazi youth movements

unethical
stanford prison experiment
37 of 40 people were prepared to administer the highest level of shock.

the extremity of this field experiment is not prototypical of the field

 the experiment was a documentary series broadcast on bbc television in 2002 produced by steve reicher and alex haslam in which 15 men are randomly selected to be either " prisoner " or guard, contained in a simulated prison over an eight - day period. " the bbc prison study explores the social and psychological consequences of putting people in groups of unequal power. it examines when people accept inequality and when they challenge it
 in 2001, haslam collaborated with steve reicher ( university of st andrews ) on the bbc television programme the experiment ( which became known as the " bbc prison study " ). this examined the behaviour of a group of individuals within a simulated prison environment, returning to issues raised by the stanford prison experiment ( spe ). amongst other things, the study's findings challenged the role account of tyranny associated with the spe as well as broader ideas surrounding the " banality of evil ". the core insight from the study was that tyranny results from the engaged followership of subordinates rather than blind conformity to roles or rules. recent work has also demonstrated that the same analysis can explain the behaviour of participants in milgram's obedience to authority experiments.

a bacterial illness
if you are bitten by an infected tick
 lyme disease and other diseases carried by ticks. ticks can spread disease. not all ticks can cause disease and not all bites will make you sick
lyme disease is a bacterial disease that sometimes has long - term effects

the only reliable company to test for lyme




adults need it to keep their bones strong
 tofu is a great natural source of calcium. chard is a good calcium souce, but it should be cooked to neutralize the oxalic acid it contains, which can affect calcium absorption. if someone is lactose intolerant, he may need to take a daily calcium supplement. spinach can be used to make healthy, green smoothies. some dairy products are fortified with vitamin d to boost calcium absorption. a sandwich made with swiss cheese, a good source of calcium. dairy products are a good source of calcium. bananas contain calcium. a six - ounce serving of yogurt has 300 milligrams of calcium. many nuts contain calcium. milk is a good source of calcium. spinach is one of the better - known vegetables with calcium. sandwich made with swiss cheese, a good source of calcium. dairy products are a good source of calcium. bananas contain calcium. a six - ounce serving of yogurt has 300 milligrams of calcium. many nuts contain calcium. milk is a good source of calcium. spinach
any meat will do, though, provided it has not gone bad
beef, poultry, fish, and eggs
helped to increase her energy
 veganism appears to provide health benefits, including a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, and heart disease. < ref name = disease > note : several sources use the word vegetarian to refer to a vegan or entirely plant - based diet : < p > monica dinu, rosanna abbate, gian franco gensini, alessandro casini & francesco sofi, vegetarian, vegan diets and multiple health outcomes : a systematic review with meta - analysis of observational studies, critical reviews in food science and nutrition, february 2016 : " from the analysis of the studies available in the literature we were able to determine that a significant protection versus ischemic heart disease and cancer is present in vegetarian subjects, but that this protection is not significant for overall mortality, cardio and cerebrovascular diseases. in addition, vegan diet seems to be associated with a lower rate of cancer incidence
pales




this music was integrated into popular music achieving mainstream success


occasional indifference
as it came into contact with other cultures
thousands of years, with variations of it found in most cultures throughout history.
it will not change anything
higher than the age of majority
 withdrawal effects and dependence are also almost identical. alcohol at moderate levels has some positive and negative effects on health. the negative effects include increased risk of liver diseases, oropharyngeal cancer, esophageal cancer and pancreatitis

can lead to serious mental health problems
brain damage

low
there are always









1837
closely linked




the del rio

the affected individuals frequently wake up in the morning with a sore throat and a sore palate
zegerid
severe side effects

apple cider vinegar
baking soda does milk
 while acid reflux refers to a condition where stomach acid comes up from the stomach into the esophagus, another, less - common condition can occur known as alkaline reflux or bile reflux. this occurs when bile produced in the liver flows from the small intestine into the stomach and esophagus. his is because alkaline reflux affects the stomach lining as well as the esophagus. acid reflux affects typically only the esophagus because the acid is naturally present in the stomach lining



small dogs living longer




may not be correct in what they are teaching.
the complexity of a language often makes it challenging for adult learners to pick up a second language. more often than not, unlike children, adults are unable to acquire native - like proficiency
polish

 which language to learn depends on where you plan to go in europe. german would be easier to learn than a slavic language. swedish or norwegian would be even easier to learn
high / low german, dutch and english

ren is largely used
krieg

it is filled with so many trees of all kinds


 going east on interstate highway i - 90, tanner is located just east of north bend off of exit 32 on the north side of i - 90, at the base of mount si. tanner is surrounded by miles of hiking trails located in washington state forest reserves. the most popular hiking trail located in the tanner area is the mount si trail. the mount si trail is hiked by more than 100, 000 people each year making tanner a popular destination for day hikes up to the summit of mount si. there are other popular hiking trails located around the tanner area including the little si trail, kamikaze / teneriffe falls, and the mailbox peak trail



a list of pointers is defined to the base class
 what is a virtual watercooler? a. a virtual place to record team goals, assignments, and projects b. a social media space where virtual team members can interact spontaneously c. a database of all the agendas and minutes from a virtual team's meetings d. a social collaboration tool that allows virtual team members to work together easily e. a virtual collaboration tool that adjusts for time zone and language differences
virtual columns don't consume space on the disk

discrete tpms ( dtpm ), integrated tpms, firmware tpms ( ftpm ), software tpms, and virtual tpms
 in the software as a service ( saas ) model, users gain access to application software and databases. cloud providers manage the infrastructure and platforms that run the applications. saas is sometimes referred to as " on - demand software " and is usually priced on a pay - per - use basis or using a subscription fee. in the saas model, cloud providers install and operate application software in the cloud and cloud users access the software from cloud clients. cloud users don't manage the cloud infrastructure and platform where the application runs. this eliminates the need to install and run the application on the cloud user's own computers, which simplifies maintenance and support. cloud applications differ from other applications in their scalability — which can be achieved by cloning tasks onto multiple virtual machines at run - time to meet changing work demand. load balancers
 the operating system level architecture has low overhead that helps to maximize efficient use of server resources. the virtualization introduces only a negligible overhead and allows running hundreds of virtual private servers on a single physical server. in contrast, approaches such as full virtualization ( like vmware ) and paravirtualization ( like xen or uml ) cannot achieve such level of density, due to overhead of running multiple kernels. from the other side, operating system - level virtualization does not allow running different operating systems ( i. e., different kernels ), although different libraries, distributions, etc. are possible. different virtualization techniques are used, based on the desired usage. native execution is based on direct virtualization of the underlying raw hardware, thus it provides multiple " instances " of the same architecture a real machine is based on, capable of running complete operating systems. some virtual machines can also emulate different architectures and allow execution of software applications and operating systems written for another cpu or architecture. operating - system - level virtualization allows the resources of a computer to be partitioned via kernel's support for multiple isolated user space instances
you can observe what people actually do or say, rather than what they say they do






two of the biggest players in the space

paid - for streaming of popular box - sets
clearly impacted the way in which we access television, allowing us to catch up on television shows whenever we please


astronomical satellites, communication satellites, earth observation satellites, navigation satellites, reconnaisance satellite, solar power satellites, weather satellites and miniaturized satellites
 morals are an important part to human beings'logic, while artificial morals are important in artificial imagination and artificial intelligence
determining one's precise location and providing a highly accurate time reference almost anywhere on earth or in earth orbit



good family? what's good for the geese? whats good in the hood ; what's good mo ; what's good nigga ; what's good wit chu ; what's good with the butt? whats good wit it ; whats goody ; what's goodybags? what's goy? what's grapes? what's gravity ; what's gravy ; whats gravy in the navy ; what's growin'long ; whats guanin
space research that usually has a volume of exactly one liter ( 10 cm cube ), has a mass of no more than 1. 33 kilograms, [ 1 ] and typically uses commercial off - the - shelf components for its electronics

 martha nussbaum discusses how education is one of the fertile functions that is important for the development of a person and their ability to achieve a multitude of other capabilities within society. autism causes many symptoms that interfere with a child ’ s ability to receive a proper education such as deficits in imitation, observational learning, and receptive and expressive communication. of all disabilities affecting the population, autism ranks third lowest in acceptance into a postsecondary education institution. in a study funded by the national institute of health, shattuck et al. found that only 35 % of autistics are enrolled in a 2 or 4 year college within the first two years after leaving high school compared to 40 % of children who have a learning disability. due to the growing need for a college education to obtain a job
advantages & benefits ; getting started ; why save for college
help you save money for college and grow those savings faster
flexibility
there is no way to make a tax - free transfer from a 529 to an ira

college savings plans and pre - paid tuition plans
 transferring funds from one 529 plan to another is a straightforward process. a 529 plan is a great way to save for your child's future education expenses. one benefit of this type of college savings account is that it offers flexibility in terms of what you can do with the money. for instance, if your child decides not to go to college or doesn't use all of her plan money, you can transfer the 529 account to another child or beneficiary. funds from the old 529 plan must be deposited into the new account within 60 days to avoid a tax penalty. 2 if your child uses the transferred 529 plan funds for any purpose other than qualified education expenses
you can transfer the 529 account to another child or beneficiary. funds from the old 529 plan must be deposited into the new account within 60 days to avoid a tax penalty
more attractive


good boys? whats good family? what's good for the geese? whats good in the hood ; what's good mo ; what's good nigga ; what's good wit chu ; what's good with the butt? whats good wit it ; whats goody ; what's goodybags



2, 000, 000
fso knock nevis


if you are drinking something that effects your body in a negitive way




environmental effects


 taurine. no side effects from the taurine 3 in energy drinks have been documented. some countries ( france, denmark, and norway
what's better
 the smithsonian institution is an educational foundation chartered by congress in 1846 that maintains most of the nation's official museums and galleries in washington, d. c. the u. s. government partially funds the smithsonian and its collections open to the public free of charge. the smithsonian's locations had a combined total of 30 million visits in 2013. the most visited museum is the national museum of natural history on the national mall
to add space exploration to the museum's mandate
the museum will reportedly charge admission
 the addison gallery of american art ( andover, massachusetts ), the clay center for the arts and sciences ( charleston, west virginia ), the fred jones jr. museum of art ( university of oklahoma ) ; the georgia museum of art ( university of georgia ) ; harvard university art museums, the hirshhorn museum and sculpture garden ( washington d. c. ), the honolulu museum of art, the j. paul getty museum ( los angeles ), the museum of fine arts, boston, the james a. michener art museum ( doylestown, pennsylvania ), the kemper museum of contemporary art ( kansas city, missouri ), the kresge art museum ( michigan state university ), the los angeles county museum of art, the mead art museum ( amherst college ), the museum of modern art ( new york city ), the saint louis art museum, the national gallery of art ( washington d. c. ), the norton museum of art ( west palm beach, florida ), the phillips collection ( washington d. c ), the san francisco museum of modern art, the smithsonian american art museum





crust, mantle and core
thinner and denser
 continental crust is lighter ( less dense ) than oceanic crust. continental crust is granitic. oceanic crust is basaltic. oceanic crust subducts under a less dense crust whether it's oceanic or continental. continental crust does not subduct. oceanic crust is much younger in geologic age
along spreading centers
atlantic ocean
continental drift
 the pacific plate subducts in the ibm trench, so understanding what is subducted beneath ibm requires understanding the history of the western pacific. the ibm arc system subducts mid - jurassic to early cretaceous lithosphere, with younger lithosphere in the north and older lithosphere in the south. it is not possible to directly know the composition of subducted materials presently being processed by the ibm subduction factory – what is now 130 km deep in the subduction zone entered the trench 4 – 10 million years ago. however, the composition of the western pacific seafloor - oceanic crust - sediments, crust, and mantle lithosphere - varies sufficiently systematically
at mid - ocean ridges
 oceanic crust. there are two types of crustal plates that make up the lithosphere. the continental plates contain the oldest rocks found on the planet. the oceanic crust is relatively young compared to the continental crust. the oceanic crust is constantly being created where plates are separating at divergent boundaries. the leading edge of the oceanic plate is constantly being melted and the rocks recycled in subduction zones. he oceanic crust is relatively young compared to the continental crust. the oceanic crust is constantly being created where plates are separating at divergent boundaries. the leading edge of the oceanic plate is constantly being melted and the rocks recycled in subduction zones.
 howison, having thoroughly considered the various offerings from the history of his field ( see p. 394 of " limits ", for example ), arrived at what remains even today a unique offering. he developed his theory in the late 1880s, in consideration of another theory that was the rage of the times, darwin ’ s theory of evolution
 beginning in the early 1990s, keleman developed his work with an emphasis on education rather than therapy. he has applied ideas from darwin ’ s theory of evolution
by allowing populations to eliminate the deleterious mutations not only more rapidly, but also most effectively








 dopamine is an organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families that plays several important roles in the human brain and body, as well as elsewhere in biology. its name derives from its chemical structure : it is an amine formed by removing a carboxyl group from a molecule of l - dopa. in the brain, dopamine functions as a neurotransmitter aa chemical released by nerve cells to send signals to other nerve cells
vitamin d deficiency




cognitive behavioural therapy

 relational databases are powerful because they require few assumptions about how data is related or how it will be extracted from the database. as a result, the same database can be viewed in many different ways. an important feature of relational systems is that a single database can be spread across several tables. this differs from flat - file databases, in which each database is self - contained in a single table

 it is important therefore to understand exactly what service you require. it is also important to understand what is being calibrated and how the calibration is being performed. as an example, consider a digital thermometer that uses an external temperature probe
voice and real - time video

firebase analytics
 firebase is a mobile and web application platform with tools and infrastructure designed to help developers build high - quality apps




the rice method
there is some disagreement among spaniards
shock and trauma from injury
 however, in several ways, american soccer leagues have become more similar to leagues in the rest of the world in recent years. mls and usl now allow games to end in ties, which were initially avoided via a penalty shootout
there is a long list benefits you always hear about in regards to the good it does for the mind and soul.


ikram yoga benefits are just what you need when trying to lose weight right. bikram yoga
awkward pose
to gain insight into the true nature of reality
help relieve some form of their suffering.


thunder god thor

 robin ( dick grayson ) is one of the main cast members in the animated adaptation of young justice. the character is voiced by actor jesse mccartney. along with aqualad, kid flash and superboy, robin is one of the founding members of young justice. however, when not on team missions, he still lives and performs his duties in gotham city. as the most experienced member of the team, he assumed that he would automatically be the leader, but this would prove to not be the case. when in combat with batman, their relationship is so defined that they don't need to communicate



 in jla / avengers, ray appears first as taking the place of wally west during the justice league's mission to the marvel universe when he realizes that there is no speed force in the other reality. the justice league
 what makes the surrealist movement unique is their fascination with the unconscious mind
the use of modern technology to fuse surrealism's traditional access to the unconscious with pop art's ironic contradictions
penguins

instead of focusing on the future, afro - surrealism focuses more on the present day
 surrealism in art, poetry, and literature uses numerous techniques and games to provide inspiration. many of these are said to free imagination by producing a creative process free of conscious control. the importance of the unconscious as a source of inspiration
salvador dali, rene magritte and alberto giacometti


 in the 1930s, art moved into a new phase with experiments in the theoretical and intellectual use of shapes and symbols while at the same time a symbolism emerged from the world of dreams. this was the basis for concrete art and surrealism which became the latest trend in the international avant - garde movement
widespread impact among neuroscientists but have also generated controversy

what

 different types of blockchain available in market these are public blockchain, private blockchain, and consortium blockchain
blockchain's invention
quadrupled
cryptocurrencies what is bitcoin, how to use bitcoin


politically powerful actors may make decisions that favor some groups at the expense of others
 that would depend on how you want your sausage to cook up, how lean your game meat is, what type of game meat and type of pork you are using. here are some guidelines for venison or elk : using a ratio of 50 % game meat with 50 % pork butts
 pork ribs baby back - baked no sauce
 1. decide what kind of ribs you want to grill. the 2 most popular types are baby back ribs and spare ribs, but there are significant differences between the 2 cuts. 1 baby back ribs come from the top of the rib cage. 2 they range in length from 3 inches ( 7. 6 cm ) to 6 inches ( 15. 2 cm )

how to dry roast pork ribs in an oven you can cook pork ribs in one of two ways : moist or dry

5

 pulled chicken 6. 99 grilled chicken 7. 99 sonnyas steakburger * 7. 99 pulled or sliced pork 11. 59 baby back ribs 15. 59 st. louis ribs sweet & smokey or house dry - rubbed. 12. 99 half chicken 10. 99 all - white meat, add. 99. beef brisket lb sliced ( lean ) or chopped ( marbled ). 13. 59 pulled chicken 11. 99 smoked turkey 10. 99 sonnyas sampler pulled pork, sliced brisket, 1 / 4 bbq chicken and sweet & smokey ribs. 15. 59 ribs & chicken 12. 99 chicken & pork 11. 99 ribs & smoked wings 13. 59 pork 3 waysa® pulled pork, sliced pork and sweet & smokey ribs. 13. 99 family feast pulled pork, sliced brisket
chatelaineas memphis
ribs, sausage and pulled pork

 comparisons of national wealth are frequently made on the basis of nominal gdp and savings ( not just income ), which don't reflect differences in the cost of living in different countries ( see list of countries by gdp ( nominal ) per capita ) ; hence, using a ppp basis is arguably more useful when comparing generalized differences in living standards between nations because ppp takes into account the relative cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries, rather than using only exchange rates, which may distort the real differences in income. this is why gdp ( ppp ) per capita is often considered one of the indicators of a country's standard of living, although this can be problematic because gdp per capita is not a measure of personal income
the inflation rate
reflects prices which were current at the time

 real gross domestic product ( gdp ) represents the method by which economists assess growth in a country's economy. this particular measure considers inflation in the final results. real gdp growth can be affected by various factors
trade - off between inflation and unemployment or real economic performance
full employment is not
frictional unemployment is always present in an economy
seek ways to reduce unnecessary frictional unemployment.

 spike lavender. spike, or portuguese, lavender ( l. latifolia ) is native to the mountains of spain, france and portugal. quite different from other types, spike lavender plants are 3 feet tall and 4 feet wide
 tours in provence. discover the best and famous tour of provence with experts and local guides which includes sightseeing, day tours, famous vineyards
safe to plant either inside or outside your home

 1 you can use either fresh or dry lavender buds for this project. 2 i didnat remove my lavender buds from the stalk. 3 the stalks have some of the same fragrant oils as the flowers / buds but not as much. 4 pour the lavender into the bowl or mortar
vanilla
its ability to eliminate nervous tension, relieve pain, disinfect the scalp and skin, enhance blood circulation, and treat respiratory problems
they did not determine if there are any side effects of having catnip extract on skin a does it irritate the skin

erythorocytes

hemoglobin
6
6



raw eggs, garlic, onions and fresh unprocessed meats
vitamin c

cooking schools


american baloney
bologna is not an italian product
italy
acidification


 however, this would be inconsistent with the academy's own beliefs and statements about remaining faithful to tradition in documenting and preserving italy's culinary heritage. prominent italian chef mario caramella stated, " in italy, there are several traditional recipes of tagliatelle al ragu alla bolognese with more or less slight variations
your sleep schedule may return to normal
supplements of the stuff are used to prevent and reduce jet lag

vegetables, fruits, meat and grains
 why is melatonin bad for autoimmune disorders

it is a potent hormone
 if you've ever suffered from jet lag, worked night shifts, or had trouble sleeping, you may have used melatonin supplements to help you sleep. however, you may not know that melatonin, the sleep hormone produced by your pineal gland, is one of the most powerful antioxidant and anti - aging substance known. much cheaper way to increase your hgh levels is to supplement with melatonin
it's not known whether melatonin is effective in treating any specific medical condition.


 solar energy is energy which is created from sunlight, or heat from the sun. solar power is captured when energy from the sun is converted into electricity or used to heat air, water, or other fluids
energy use effects the environment and everyone in it
solar hot water can still be collected during a power outage if the sun is shining

solar cooking

 solar energy is defined as energy obtained from the sun's radiation. the two main forms of solar energy include active solar energy and passive solar... solar energy is defined as energy obtained from the sun's radiation. the two main forms of solar energy include active solar energy and passive solar energy. active solar energy involves equipment or an action to convert solar energy into a useful form. one example of active solar energy is the use of solar cells
 rolf disch solar architecture, creators of the heliotrope as well as several other visionary green building projects, is based in the solar city freiburg, germany. led by solar pioneer rolf disch, who has been building with the sun for more than 40 years, this architecture office's prolific portfolio also includes such successful projects as the solar settlement and the sun ship
 biomass can be burned to produce electricity, or be converted to a gas and used for fuel. geothermal energy uses hot water or steam from deep beneath the earthas surface to produce electricity. hydroelectric power plants use the energy of falling water to spin generator turbines. solar energy can also be used to produce electricity
mammals
mammals

african elephant
 it was this big : largest creatures to ever exist on earth. this is an informative video about the largest creatures to ever live on earth, by type ( ie. largest arthropod
 the largest mammal on earth is also the largest animal to ever live on land or in the ocean, dwarfing even the largest dinosaur, and is the blue whale
paraceratherium



small organisms


 < br > holidays < br > christmas < br > we all love christmas because of its magic atmosphere. in my opinion, it is a special time, when people forget all their problems and try to be together. christmas helps people change themselves for better. they become kind, friendly and generous. some days before christmas, people clean their houses. housewives usually cook special dishes and bake christmas cakes. on the day preceding christmas, called christmas eve we set up the christmas tree and we decorate it with chains and candles. when everything is ready, it's time for christmas eve supper. as soon as the first star appears in the sky, we take seats at the christmas table. there is always one empty place for an unexpected guest. before we start eating, we share the holy wafer


pre - printed five - digit numbers
pre - printed five - digit numbers
christmas log
christmas pinata
with a bowl of pozole 1 of 8

jean lafitte and roberto cofresi





pirate
 real life pirates that are fictionalized in the show include anne bonny, benjamin hornigold, jack rackham, charles vane, and ned low. today, we are going to speak about anne bonny. actress clara paget plays the role as anne bonny in the show. clara paget as anne bonny in black sails. ten things you should know about anne bonny ( actress clara paget ). 1. - anne bonny was born around the year 1700 in kinsale, county cork, ireland. she was the daughter of a servant woman, mary brennan, and william cormac

relocated to what is today the boston area and settled the massachusetts bay colony
 defense pros & cons. dual - type attack pros & cons

to prevent problematic damage

nissan leaf
its own unique design
 on october 24, 2013, the u. s. national highway traffic safety administration ( nhtsa ) announced, " after reviewing all available data, the national highway traffic safety administration has not found evidence at this time that would indicate the recent battery fire involving a tesla model s was the result of a vehicle safety defect or noncompliance with federal safety standards. " but the following month, the nhtsa opened a preliminary evaluation to determine " the potential risks associated with undercarriage strikes on model year 2013 tesla model s vehicles ". on march 28, 2014, nhtsa closed its investigation, claiming that the new titanium underbody shield and aluminum deflector plates


how long

 the new and improved tesla autopilot is coming. tesla ceo elon musk announced that, as of wednesday, people can buy tesla cars that come with a suite of new hardware that improves autopilot's capabilities like never before. the new version of autopilot, aptly named enhanced autopilot, will be made available via over - the - air updates in december, pending regulatory approval. it will cost $ 5, 000. musk also said the hardware will allow tesla cars to be fully driverless further down the line.


keeping their unique judeo - spanish language alive


to spite jefferson


cranberry sauce
late 16th century
natural science, philosophy, poetry, and theology
they are not the same

natural science, philosophy, poetry, and theology

comments & questions

 modern science can illuminate how and why people respond in certain ways to food plating and presentation. according to a sociological study people react differently to various aesthetic principles such as color, composition ( including number of components, placement of components, and use of negative space ), design, and the organization of a plate. they found that participants responded best to plates with four different colors, three different components, some empty space, and with a disorganized and casual design. this research is particularly important because understanding how food presentation affects how people eat can be used used in the study of health and nutrition. for instance, another study showed that participants who ate off of uncleaned tables ( i. e all uneaten food was left on the table ) ate less than those that had their tabled periodically cleaned. this is presumably because those that could see the leftovers of what they had eaten were less likely to take more food. this could be useful, for instance, in combatting the obesity endemic. another example of science in food aesthetics is the development of molecular food in spain, which emphasizes the essence of food using scientific elements. molecular science can break down the roles of carbohydrates and protein in order to isolate what creates particular tastes. for instance, modern science makes it possible to freeze ice cream using liquid nitrogen and create wine using sugars, creating efficient and visually interesting new dishes


the size of chunks of food

a · goulash is a type of stew
bowara, pumpkin leaves
takes some time and effort

many varieties of portuguese - style chourico and linguica are used in many different
in from a polish country house kitchen
 polish food is delicious! if you are wondering what the people of poland typically eat, here is a list of traditional polish food. if it sounds good to you, be sure to check out our polish recipe section and make your own polish dishes! bigos. bigos is a traditional stew ( hunter's stew ) and is considered to be the national dish of poland

low - carb, high fat
to treat patients with epilepsy



paleo doesnat avoid potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, and other tubers and root vegetables
juice fasts and cleanses to help improve my health
without deprivation



 religiously, wright was an agnostic, arguing that we should suspend judgment on the existence of god because there is no firm evidence either way. william james's famous will - to - believe argument was partly aimed at wright's brand of agnosticism. in ethics, he embraced utilitarianism, agreeing with john stuart mill that pleasures differ in quality as well as quantity. he was a staunch critic of herbert spencer's attempt to extend darwinism into a law of cosmic and social progress. like mill and auguste comte, wright embraced a positivistic approach to science that rejects the possibility ( or even meaningfulness ) of metaphysics
valuable for its potential to solve social problems and to reorganize society
developing and applying evolutionary theory to philosophy, psychology and the study of society - - what he called his synthetic philosophy

a system that is largely cultural, learned through social interaction
funerals often serve as political events among communities
macro approaches
traditional collectivism and modern individualism
to explore the land which the united states had purchased from france through the louisiana purchase in 1803
many species
 by 1811 the first corps of discovery under captain lewis and lieutenant clark has been considered lost for 5 years. any country that attempted to map the pacific coast by land or sea routes has completely failed. the united states of america has yet to press its claims for the louisiana purchase. president james madison fears a british invasion, with the support of a unified indian nation under tecumseh, that would claim the northwest territories and cause a dissolution of the union. under these dire threats, a second corps of discovery is formed as a military expedition to reach the west coast. its primary goals are to learn what happened to lewis and clark and the first corps members, and find the mythical " all - water route " across north america
omaha
carrying her infant son on her back
never saw the cavern
made preparations for heading westward to the pacific ocean
in the nearby region

much used prehistoric pathway
